OK google stream stranger things from netflix to my TV
when do things from netflix playing on TV from the people that brought you google home
comes the next evolution of the smart home and it's just outside your window
meet google now hi how can I help OK no
what's the weather like outside the weather outside is sunny and 76 degrees
he's right OK no turn on the hose I'm holding sure
OK now I'm gonna eat this lemon tree leaf yes but this daisy yes but I wouldn't
keep it I could eat it add milk to my shopping list
that sounds like an indoor request I keep doing that sorry keep doing
OK no is this compost really
we are all compost if you think about it pretty much everything is made up of organic matter
will return to organic matter so just make it there trash then
off on off on off
OK dome which way is the wind blowing
is blowing 3 miles an hour from the southwest now the wind is
going 2 miles an hour from the south from the southwest south
southeast ha ha ha ha that tickles the wind is ha ha ha
OK no play some cool music playing cool music
play something else introducing google gnome
courtyard is finally here